---
layout: simple
---

The concept of deep learning (DL) has been known in the neural network community for well over a decade already. With the onset of more affordable powerful computing facilities, especially the prevalence of graphical processing units (GPUs) and tensor processing units (TPUs), DL has been applied successfully and effectively in many state-of-the-art applications including computer vision, speech recognition, object detection, drug discovery, and so on. More recently, the techniques in DL/AI are leveraged for the current COVID-19 pandemic, including in the rapid vaccine development processes. DL basically uses deep neural network architecture with multiple layers to represent data with increasing abstraction and may be applied to supervised, unsupervised, as well as reinforcement learning. Perhaps DL can be viewed in a literature sense for providing deeper insights into learning systems in general, as it continues to be one of the fastest growing and evolving fields of AI research. Current researches include deployment for COVID-19; however, there are more and more emphasis on the explainable and ethical AI aspects as well now. Our panel session will take a closer look at future deep learning machines inspired by the human brain.
                    <br><br>
The Asia Pacific Neural Network Society (APNNS) is a professional society that promotes active interactions among researchers, scientists, and industry professionals who are working in Neural Networks and related fields in the Asia Pacific region. APNNS was formalized as a legal entity in 2014, having evolved from the previous Asia Pacific Neural Network Assemby (APNNA) that was established back in 1993 in Nagoya, Japan, under the leadership of Professor Shun-Ichi Amari. More information about APNNS may be obtained at the Society website - www.apnns.org.
                    <br><br>
The APNNS/IEEE-CIS Education Forum series on Deep Learning and Artificial Intelligence Summer School 2022 (DLAI6) is catered to all interested students, engineers, researchers, executives, and administrators who may have some basic knowledge of machine learning and AI. The aim is to provide a forum for interested delegates to learn about certain basics as well as advances in the field of deep learning and artificial intelligence. DLAI6 would also provide an opportunity for interactions and networking. With the successful inaugural DLAI back on Feb 1-4, 2018, the second edition on Dec 10-13, 2018, the third edition on June 29 to July 3, 2020, the fourth edition on November 18-22, 2020, and the fifth edition on May 6-10, 2021, we are pleased to be able to offer the 6th DLAI at this time. The venue is online due to the continual global pandemic and it will be held from June 14-18, 2022. DLAI6 will feature Keynote and Invited Speakers from IEEE Distinguished Lecturers, ACM Distinguished Speakers, and other notable speakers. In addition to Women in Science and Engineering (WiSE) speakers, DLAI6 will continue to hold a Forum for Young Investigators (FYI) to showcase prominent young researchers sharing their experiences with us.
                    <br><br>
As DLAI6 is a virtual event, it is offered free-of-charge to all registrants. All participants need to register online first. As there may be limited seating available as an online event, priorities will be given to APNNS Members, IEEE-CIS/RA/SMC Members, IEEE Members, ACM Members, and INNS Members.
                    <br><br>
The DLAI6 Summer School will cover different aspects of deep learning with several talks by world renowned researchers in form of lectures/tutorials/workshops and panel sessions which will cover some of the most active current topics in DL and AI and their applications. Events include NVIDIA Deep Learning Institute (DLI) certification workshops, Kaggle micro-courses and competitions, and a customized hackathon will also be offered to provide various hands-on challenges for the participants.
                    <br><br>
DLAI6 is organized by the Innovative Cognitive Computing (IC2) Research Center at School of Information Technology (SIT), King Mongkut's University of Technology Thonburi (KMUTT) and co-organized by APNNS, IEEE-CIS Thailand Chapter, Joint Chapter of IEEE CIS/RAS Western Australia Chapter, IEEE-SMC Western Australia Chapter, IEEE-CIS Vietnam Chapter, and other partner institutions, including the Technology Innovation Hub at Indian Statistical Institue (TIH@ISI) and Jadavpur University, India.
          
